There, I fixed it for them.
Oh my goodness! I havent heard or thought of this song in ages. Thanks!
When I preach the gospel at a Harvest Crusade, I feel I have a solemn responsibility to give the gospel accuratelyto not distort it, to not take away from it, and to not add to it.
I have had people tell me, You know, the message you give is so simple.
Exactly. I work hard at that, because I want to leave out the things that are not essential and keep in place the things that are core to the gospel message.
Im a big Depeche Mode fan, too. Personal Jesus would be close to the top of my list, competing with Blasphemous Rumors.
Thats a good one, too.  My other favorite, which is HUGE in Asia and popular for karaoke singing is Somebody. I still know all the words to this day!
I would like Somebody if I were more of a romantic 
Our own good works, past, present, or future, have nothing to do with the forgiveness of our sins. Our sins are forgiven, not because of any good works that we do; they are forgiven because of the atoning work of Christ on the cross of Calvary in our place. If we rest in this atoning work we shall do good works, but our good works will be the outcome of our being saved and the outcome of our believing on Christ as our sin-bearer. Our good works will not be the ground of our salvation, but the result of our salvation, and the proof of it. We must be very careful not to mix in our good works at all as the ground of salvation. We are forgiven, not because of Christs death and our good works, but solely and entirely because of Christs death. To see this clearly is the right beginning of the true Christian life.
This is the secret of daily victory over sin. If we try to fight sin in our own strength, we are bound to fail. If we just look up to the risen Christ to keep us every day and every hour, He will keep us. Through the crucified Christ we get deliverance from the guilt of sin, our sins are all blotted out, we are free from all condemnation; but it is through the risen Christ that we get daily victory over the power of sin. Some receive Christ as a sin-bearer and thus find pardon, but do not get beyond that, and so their life is one of daily failure. Others receive Him as their risen Savior also, and thus enter into an experience of victory over sin. To begin right we must take Him not only as our sin-bearer, and thus find pardon; but we must also take Him as our risen Savior, our Deliverer from the power of sin, our Keeper, and thus find daily victory over sin.
The very end is supposed to say His image, my discovery. Im not sure how it got erased, but all the same, I appreciate Poetreecreations for posting this :)
My friend John @Fit for a year found this great infographic today about beginning a new fitness routine. I thought it was worth sharing, both for myself and others. I think I actually follow a good portion of these guidelines, thanks mostly to coach Rob, but need to work more on being patient with myself.
Great info!!! Would it be okay if I added this to my blog- http://www.A-Doctor-In-The-House.com? I think its awesome info for anyone starting a routine :-)
July 14, 2013  The Calipatria State Prison administration is saying that if we take our liquids off the food trays then it will be considered taking a tray and we will be marked down as eating. They are not allowing anyone to buy liquids off of canteen  i.e., coffee, tea, Kool-Aid. This is a solid food hunger strike; liquids should not be restricted.
We finally received medical attention yesterday on the sixth day of our hunger strike. We had to submit a bunch of medical slips to get their attention. No one in ASU (Administrative Segregation Unit) has started eating except for those who cannot participate due to medical issues.
We are all remaining strong as one in unity. Everybody back here is determined to push to their limit and the atmosphere around here is strong. The five core demands were re-submitted to the newest warden, Frank Chavez, and we also submitted a few of our own demands to better the conditions here in ASU.
Weve made it clear that we are going to continue hunger striking until the five core demands are met.
CDCR (California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation) is releasing statements to the media saying we are all doing this for the gang leaders in Pelican Bay State Prisons SHU (Security Housing Units). Thats typical for them to say such an ignorant thing.
This peaceful protest is not being done for any specific individuals. Its being done for all of us who share the same struggle. Its being done for our loved ones who are not able to hug us, kiss us or touch us. Its being done because its the right thing to do.
Lastly, wed like to thank all who are supporting our peaceful movement out there.
In solidarity we stand strong!
So  we are hoping to hire an artist to do some contract work for Gut Check the microbiome game. And we need some help and advice. We would like the game and all the art associated it to be released under as broad an open license as possible. But we would also like to support the artist as much as possible. It seems to me there are two general strategies for doing this. First, we pay extra money to the artist relative to what they might get normally in order to free up the art into the public domain. And the second is to somehow work out a license and copyright arrangement where the use of the art for the game can be free and open but where the artists retains rights for using the art for other purposes. I can figure out how to do the first option (and this is my preference I think). But I have not been able to come up with a good strategy for the second option and thus have nothing to really compare the first option to. So  please  any examples or advice would be greatly appreciated for strategies for releasing artwork openly for one purpose (e.g., our game) but where the artist would retain rights for other uses.
and I have to quit, because I cant stand it.
it drives away thoughts
thank u bird. although we dont know each other in person, i find myself being drawn to your words. there is a bond that is forming through our minds
Oh no! I do this too. But I will continue to think of it as a gift. Not everyone gets to be crazy analytical. Even though like you I wish there was an off switch sometimes.
Thanks for the comment! I havent met too many people that are having the same kind of problem, and I really wish I did. Im curious to know how it affects their lives..Maybe you could write a post..hint, hint!
Thanks, Hobbler. Im going to check them out! I am really curious about this subject
Hey, Hobbler! I read these beforeI laughed at them because they do kind of remind me of me
I can sure relate to having my brain humiliate me!  Maybe a little different scenario but the feelings are the same, I bet.  I am not sure anyone could say a brain is brokenLOLgive me more time to ANALYZE that!  :) 
Some things are just a matter of perspective.  I always say whether people see me as crazy or courageous is all a matter of perspective!  :) 
Bird, When I was dealing with the diagnosis of PTSD Im not sure I ever quite called it a gift. But when it came down to looking at blame, the one thing I realized is that God makes the human brain so remarkable we dont understand it and the brain allowed me to survive. When it came down to it, I wasnt about to blame Him! He didnt cause it to break, and I think it saddens Him to see so many broken brains, so I think He gives us a chance to find ways to make it a gift. I have had the opportunity to help others. I can honestly say PTSD has made me who I amstrong and successful, dependable in a crisis. Im proud of that. Ive been in therapy three timesfor the initial diagnosis, for post-partum depress, and for a recent relapse (actually the hardest to admit)but if therapy is not for you, I suggest a book I used the first time: Forgiving Our Parents, Forgiving Ourselves.
I understand what youre saying completely. I sincerely feel that Ive made peace with myself. When I stopped struggling to change things that simply couldnt be changed, and stopped focusing on the down sides, that is when I started actually healing. I have panic attacks,  bouts with depression, and a thyroid thing going on. Only running straight to God has helped me; therapy, on numerous occasions has almost made me worse, I think. Ill check out the book you suggest..I would say that I forgave my parents a long time ago. Forgiving isnt an issue with meI know who my real enemy is! Thanks for taking the time to reach out  I do appreciate it!
LOL!! So, I can expect you back with a decision on the broken brain thing in about a week?? I TOTALLY do the same thing!! :-) Thanks for your comment. I appreciate it!
Im sorry therapy hasnt worked for you. My first therapist was a member of the same faith so I think that helped. With the post partum I had to be on meds so that was a different ball game. As I tell people it was all about finding normal again because no amount of therapy was ever going to change the fact I do not like babies (I think I posted about this when my daughter asked how come I had two). This current round is going well. I do well until I feel like Im being kicked when down and this past year was one thing after another and I couldnt keep my head above water. As for forgiveness, it was eye-opening. I had a lot of anger at many people (I was in my early 20s) but I had to also look at how, now that I was an adult and responsible for my actions, I was behaving otherwise I was going to go down a never-ending spiral that is victim mentality. I had to forgive myself, not for the trauma, not for the broken-brain, but for my adult actions that with time and patience I could learn to change and redirect.
I understand exactly what youre saying. Self-Forgiveness was the hardest for me. I know exactly what I was ashamed of, and it was hard for me to reconcile myself with(details for another day). With things like sexual abuse  and with your post-partum   We can feel our true feelings and what were told our feelings should be, warring inside our heads and hearts, and the loser is always our self-esteem and self-image. 
If our personalities and characteristics were developed through DNA alone, that would be one thing. But because of so many other contributing factors like environment and perceptions, I guess all of us are a little brain damaged ;-) 
My actions embarrass me to this day sometimes, and I can usually pinpoint exactly why I chose to do whatever it is I did. But what is life, if it isnt one big lesson on how to live?
Thank you for sharing your story with me. It helps me feel connected and understood. I always appreciate those feelings!
Im really tired of mental doctors..i have been on so many meds..
I really enjoyed reading your post. I too have a brain that at times will not shut up and let me sleep. What I do is try to sing it to sleep with music or white noise. I also try to make sure it has plenty of positive stimulation during the day so that all those images become creative in some way, such as a new idea or character for a story or the answer to a quandary I have worried over.
BTW, thank you so much for following my blog, Creative Musings. A lot of what I write comes from dreams creative from things I put into my brain during the day. The two stories I am currently posting sprang into life after I read a Stephen King book. I consider him a wonderful writer who knows how to put images in peoples brains!
I did my research on these head meds, and while I understand there are people who need them (we are all designed differently), I am inclined to say that for some of us, they make us feel worse. Yes, they can help us numb out the intense pain and depression, but they also keep us from honestly learning to cope and heal, so we dont have to experience that any more. In a way, they replace faith in God for some of us Christians.
i want to be off the meds but fear sets in..thank you so so much, i know God is bigger than this..i just have to shut off my mind and her Him instead of this world..
Ive tried everything on my old brain. In the end, sometimes medication works, and sometimes I just stay up an write. If you cant fight em, join em!!
Ive spent many nights doing that as well.
You may have read on some of my earlier posts, I am a diagnosed, text-book case, Hypervigilant Person. It was caused from childhood trauma I had experienced, and was a symptom of PTSD.
Now, I had never, ever heard the word hyper-vigilant before a year ago, so I was really taken by surprise by the therapist that informed me that my brain was essentially broken, and needed to be fixed. It really almost made my poor broken brain explode, because by its very nature, a hyper-vigilant brain is going to over-analyze any decision ad nauseam anyways. That therapist had quite simply blown my mind.
I thought about copying and pasting the medical definitions and symptoms to try to give my reader an idea of what this all is and what it looks like, yada yada. But, I dont think that would be an apt glimpse into my brains perception of the problem.
Instead, Ive decided to go with a kind of metaphorical story that is more of what this feels like from inside my broken head. Here it is:
I know it is kind of over-simplifying a complex problem, but my perception of things are somewhat simplistic.
Note: I would also like to say that I tried to pick a different body part, but there is a surprisingly small amount of parts of our bodies that could be an asset if we had more of.The breast was literally the only one I could come up with..
Suddenly, I had a different picture of who I really was, and I washumiliated. Secretly, I had always taken a little pride and self-esteem from my ability to analyze the h*** out of anything. Over the years, Id developed a reputation as a somewhat wise person, always able to present a matter from several different view-points. I had assumed God had granted me my childhood prayer to be blessed with the gift of wisdom, and even at my worst moments, when I was thefurthest from God that Id ever been,I would try to be careful with that gift as to not have Him take it away from me. I had alwaysperceivedit as an answered prayer. To some degree, I thought we Christians had all been given three breasts, to varying levels like the parable of the talents.
I sat on that too-soft couch, looking at the therapist in stunned disbelief. I wasnt wise; my brain was broken. As you can imagine, the session was over. I vaguely remember her trying to teach me a breathing exercise or something, but I had retreated into my broken Brain-Castle and slammed the door.
And you can guarantee Jesus heard all about it on my way home. And for weeks afterward. Actually, more like months. I dont say I prayed extensively about the matter on bended knee. No. I dont really pray like thatI talked to Him constantly about the disappointment and dismay I felt that Id been fooled by my own brain and my own stupid pride. Id been betrayed and tricked. I looked the fool to myselfwhich is worse than being a fool to everyone else. You cant hide from yourself. After that, when my brain would go into Solutions or Die mode, I didnt feel like I was smartit was just a sick, twisted reminder that I wasnt so smart after all.
No. I dont consider myself wise and accomplished, even secretly to myself anymore. When a pride in something I find I can do starts to seep in, I rush to kill it immediately. I can tell a good story because of my broken little brain, and a genetic gift from my dad, but every day I read other writers offerings that have more insight, better styles, more creative ideas, etc., and I am able to see the reality of who I really am. Jesus is what makes me special, and it is Him that people are attracted to. Im just some girl whose brain is broken..
After long deliberations, I decided that I am going to leave my exhausted brain alone. On the one hand, sometimes it just wont shut up, and I get worn out from listening to myself cover scenario after scenario incessantly.
But on the other hand, I never have a problem coming up with some little pearl of wisdom Ive figured out about life for my kids, or a well-thought out solution to a problem my husband presents to me, or even something to write about in my blog. My symptom has now become a full-fledged characteristic, but this little lesson has shown me not to think Im the one accomplishing Gods work. Hes just using my weaknesses as He tends to do with all of His servants
My brain and I are at peace with one another once again.
I have never been there, but would guess somewhere along the Panama Canal?
yes, hehe, I knew that someone will pick it up, I realized that bottom is too light after it was posted online and I looked at it on another computer, but had no time to process it all again. yep, it is out of sync
Well I am pretty sure it is Hispanic. There is something very similar in Havana, so Ill make that my guess.
Its the Castillo de San Marcos in St Augustine, Florida. I love it there. I live in FL, and we spend at least once a year exploring there. You can just feel the ghosts of generations past walking the streets with you. Thats a great photo of the fort. I have quite of few of them myself, from back in the 35mm film days. Only a few on digital. Love this one though. Wish I could take lessons from you. :-)
Either way I kind of miss the young, floppy-haired version of Messi when he lived up to his nickname, the Flea.
We accept we need to eat, sleep and get some exercise to keep our physical health from breaking down. It may in spite of our best efforts, but getting a good balance of rest/nourishment/exercise [;ays an important part in avoiding physical health issues.
I have come to believe my own mental health is encouraged and maintained by mental health building routines as well.
Let me tell you whats wrong I like many others have a disease that comes along and attacks.
It doesnt feel good, we suffer each day with this monster that wont leave us alone, it finds us,
It is strong, our battle is much but we must be stronger or it will take everything from us.
Clouds are incredibly interesting arent they? Depending where I am it seems like clouds can differ quite a bit. I love to see multiple layers of clouds too. And of course from the window of a plane at sunrise!
My mini vacation came and went before I knew it but it was everything Id hoped for and more!
On Sunday morning Ryan and I went on a sailing tour in Baddeck. We both love being on the water but neither of us had been sailing before. The boat even had a licensed bar on board needless to say we loved it ;)
We already had most of what we needed so we picked up some vodka and went to work. The result? We downed 2 batches over the weekend ;) Heres our recipe!
Its only a minor milestone, my 3000th post; ordinarily Id have let it pass without comment. On reconsideration, as every milestone may well be the last, Ive decided to complete the story begun a few weeks back
I have been studying the Maya calendar for years now. in all my research
I have never found that the Maya said the world is coming to an end.
It is also well known that the Maya had more the 20 different calendars.
Only 1 of them ends in 21/12/2012. this calendar is known as a cycle.
Like the cycle of a year when the year ends another begins. it is also
 well known that some of those other calendars have dates that correspond
 to our year 4000. so this news are old news. the doomsday prophecies came
 from people or agencies with different agenda. a lot of people are taking about
 the year 2012 without really researching where it came from. i advise everyone
 to do their own research.
But of course, Benyon cannot be expected to do it alone. Which is why we are going to be pushing ahead with the fish fight beyond these shores and into continental Europe. We plan to launch TV programmes and campaign websites in France, Spain, Germany and Poland. If we can generate the same levels of public outrage there as we have here, then together,I believe we have a real chance to change things for the better in 2012.
Then I promised:
My heart is yours to fill, Father;
My mind is yours to control;
My body is yours to dwell in;
My will is yours to use, Lord.
Using real ingredients such as butter and buttermilk, etc. give a flavor (or so Ive been told since I have no first-hand experience, my nose does not work right) and probably is better for you than the scare claims would have you believe. As long as you are moderate in your use of them. Too much of anything, even water, is bad. One change Ill make is to change to high fiber flour not normal flour.as I have been ordered onto a high fiber diet. I dont mind getting old, but I do mind getting decrepit.
I suppose the good thing about pancakes and baking in general is you can change the ingredients and measurements and its still probably going to turn out edible. Enjoy!
I like to use caster sugar and a few drops of vanilla extract in the mix. Finished off with fresh banana or strawberriesmmm Yum
For the past week I have been trying to find a good pancake recipe. And finally I came across this one on Buzzfeed, I have change a few things but it still tastes pretty good (even my dad liked it).
I DONT want to talk to you about the many health benefits of lentils or coconut, because it will bore you to tears. Plus, Im not an encyclopedia.
In this case, the imitation of life is much better than the real thing.  I was so engaged during the last election.  This time?  Not at all.  Oh, Ill still vote.  But Id much rather watch shows about politics than watch the conventions.
In a well-made drama, somebody actually wins in the end.  I feel like in elections, everyone loses.  Some lose more and some less.  Admittedly, Im a curmudgeon about politics in general.  Ill vote too, but I dislike voting against, and I have to do it more often than being able to vote for.  Hope you are having a nice holiday!
Ive just begun watching that.  I love the way they are able to contrast not only the two cultures, but also the older / younger generations.  In both these shows, characters being multi-lingual is the norm.  Thats so striking to me. Being multi-lingual is unusual here.  Thanks for stopping in, AW.
I thought it would be interesting to post a dubbed clip for comparison.  I watch Borgen in Danish with English subtitles.  I agree, Kasper is fascinating.  Thanks for all the recommendations of other programs.  Im always looking to see more good shows.
I particularly like her photo of the river birch tree. It appeals to the botanist that still survives within me, plus it gives me hope about the proliferation of electronic cameras and the mass recording of things of interest to science.
Well, you know that usually I do 1 or 2 posts per day
but today I did more because I ll be busy for a few days
and I will not be able to use my blog..
so I let you know what I have already shot with my camera
and you wont wait until I return.
As you always do,
please let me know what do you think about my photos and of course my aunts cakes
I cant wait to get back to you 
Until then
have fun
and keep blogging
[] I recently claimed I would never fly Air France again,I made this bold statement without thinking about my return journey. I had already paid for a []
Regular readers of this spacehave probably figured that I like to travel and that I am prone toodd travelexperiences.Before you suggest that I was just being my usual unlucky self I would like to point out thatI dont hold Air India responsible for seating me next to a lady who kept playing with my music channels or volume controls. I dont hold KLM responsible for the lady who shared her marriage woes with me despite my desperate attempt to read my book. I also dont hold Qatar Airways responsible for the man who absolutely did not want to let me sit in the aisle seat that my boarding pass said I was supposed to have. I do, however hold Air France responsible for everything that happened from the moment I stepped onto their plane.
Giving up on any hope of entertainment, I decided to sleep. However, I gotten woken up by 4 different women in exactly the same way. All 4 of them had managed to slam their buttocks into either my arm or my shoulder. While the view I woke up to may have been a treat for the average straight male, it did nothing for me. On occasion I would get woken up by a 4-year-old who thought it was funny to awaken sleeping strangers despite strong words from her equally sleepy father. Now I know it might not be fair to blame Air France for the behaviour of other passengers on my flight but it is very hard not to feel disgruntled when you have just eaten a piece of egg-shaped cardboard. I usually dont mind aeroplane food and did not want to purchase the 60 Euro meal that Air France emailed me about, every single day between me purchasing my ticket and actually flying. However, given Frances reputation for gourmet food I did not think it was fair to serve me my worst airline meal yet.
If you know me you are probably wondering when I am going to start complaining about the overweight person sitting next to me. This time I was seated next to a normal-sized lady who had 2 empty seats next to her. As soon as all passengers were on board she moved to the other end and we were both quite happy to put our feet up on an empty seat. However, Air France could not bear the thought of us being happy. They brought over an overweight passenger who had been complaining about his seat and said he was to get both the extra seats.Of course Ibegan to wonder if I should gain a lot of weight in order to receive special treatment on flights. However, as long as I was being served cardboard I really was in no danger of getting bigger.Thanks Air France for making me dread travel.
Ive given in. I now eat it in regular rotation My favorite method is very straightforward:
I realize that some of the nutrients are lost with the cook time but its much more amazing when tender. In its raw form I enjoy the occasional green smoothie (This link from Kris Carr was my introduction but Im perfectly fine with a version using just kale leaves, a few cucumber slices, ice cubes, a squirt of lemon and a touch of agave).
One form that I cannot stand are kale chips. Really? You want me to eat leafy greens and pretend theyre as good as potato chips? I cant do that. Nutrition people please dont insult us. Check out this list from NPR who I normally love. They dont even try to be slick. They have kale chips at the very beginning. Anyways Ill have another sip of this kale smoothie because apparently it lowers your blood pressure too.
Ive been researching court cases in Cornwall for my next novel, Magick; not that I am going to use any of them, but I have an imaginary murder committed in the 1830s and I want to have a flavour of how it might have been reported. I was looking at some old newspaper reports of court proceedings, and came across the sad case of a murder committed by two brothers; what struck me was the curious name of the victim, a Mr Nevell Norway. I have never come across Norway as a surname and names are another area that Im interested in.
Congrats! Thanks for recently following my blog. Definitely going to follow back to stay updated with your travels!
Hello, and thank you for the nomination on this post. I have to admit Im not the best blogger out there, as Im often so busy that I dont get to read and comment a lot on other blogs, but I do love love discovering new bloggers and have vowed to get more active. Stay tuned!  Your blog is lovely by the way, and yes I do really really want to visit the Philippines one day  x
 This is my 3rd nomination for an award and I just started blogging 2 months ago. I dont want to sound braggy, Im just really surprised. I am now beginning to think that I might really be doing something right. Haha. I would like to thank faizamoghal for nominating me. Thank you for your confidence in me. According to faizamoghal, here are the rules for accepting the award:  Thank the blogger who nominated you, linking back to their site.  Put the award logo on your blog.  Answer the ten questions they have set you.  Make up ten new questions for your nominees to answer.  Nominate ten people. Now, I have to answer what faizamoghal has prepared for me:  Where in the world are you right now?  Im currently in the Philippines, a part of the Southeast Asian countries. For those who will be reading this, my country is beautiful, you have to check it out for yourself.  What where you doing before reading this blogging post?  I am actually cooking my lunch right now. Waiting for the rice to cook. Haha  What is tha main message in your blog, in one word?  Travelwhile you are young.  Describe your personality in three words  I consider myself to be organized, fair and competitive.  If you see outside a window or just outside right now, what do you see?  Sand and gravel, actually.   What is your greatest achievement in life?  To graduate on time without supervision of my parents and me being living independently for almost 6 years now.  If you were alone on the earth, what would you do?  Explore the worldon foot.  Your favorite guilty pleasure?  Traveling and a whole body massage.  What in the world will you never accept happen, and what will you do about it?  If my bf got me pregnant before marriage, I will not marry him. Never accept his marriage proposal actually. I never wanted to be married just because there is a child involved. I was a product of one and it was a disaster. Call it trauma, I guess.  What is bad about my blog (just hit me!)  Nothing. It is your blog, I have no opinion on what you put in there. Nobody has except for yours.  So here are my questions for my nominees:  What makes you interesting?  Do you think that dressing up during travels is important or too much?  What is your favorite TV series?  Why did you start blogging?  What motivates you to continue writing?  What makes you happy?  Do you love your current job?  If you can choose a super power, what will it be?  What type of movie(s) do you watch?  How do you feel about dogs? Now for my nominees, I hope you accept and goodluck! travel the unknown Caught in Wanderlust Contented Imperfection Dannys Life and Travel Journey to the Philippines My Travelust The Bella Travelista  thebellatravelista@gmail.com Twitter: @thebellablogger
I enjoy all your pictures and posts, Bruce, but this one really blew me away. Everywhere David and I go in the world, we see wind turbines. You highlight their beauty. The final picture is the most awesome of all. Cheers from Louise.
Your welcome, David. I enjoy the research, and learn so much myself. I was amazed, for example, that some areas of Denmark utilize what they describe as modest winds. No doubt, its most cost effective where the winds are heavy and steady. It`s sort of like solar power in this regard.
I love the last pic!
Darling, please! You cant leave me! I need you! Our baby needs you! Please!
Pleasecan you save him? We are dying.
The only debt I require is that you both live your lives with love and joy in your hearts, for each other and those around you.
Just because most of us are on the job every day, does not mean our personal lives automatically press pause to accommodate work responsibilities. As we matriculate throughout our career, many of us will become bogged down with keeping up with our personal matters while still thriving at work. This includes keeping up with our children, spouses, aging parents, other family members, home repairs and our overall health.
I will try to post more RPs up too think i can get some good ones and juicy ones too eventually :p
Ckapeace: I have written and write about thisit is my major investment in my works that I cerate in this stage of my life. My introduction to this Oppression became apparent to me at a young age. One day I remember distinctly learning about my family heritage and American heritage particularly, which is of course a culture of mixed creeds and beliefs 
I was probably around 13 0r 14 at that time. This article is what I came to understand without any other influence besides my own THOUGHT process of the society I was raised in. I have come to an understanding through my own personal journey through life what Oppression is and why it controls or trys to control this world and with what tools it uses to try to control everything on this planet!
I am sharing it because it is nice to see other people recognizing the FACES of oppression! TO understand there are many faces and forms of it. We must be able to understand them to be abel to recognize them!!! That is why I am sharing this knowledge. Knowledge is KING and it can FREE people!
I have never read any of Paul Freires worksI have never read any of the other Authors works that created the article I am sharing with you..BUT I do agrre with them and It appears as I read through it..It is the same things I have written a book about myself..but my words are in my own formation. My book has not been published ..but I do want it to be. I have not found the recourses to do so yet. I hope I can get it out there for everyone to read very soon. It is all about Freedom vrs Oppression! I want freedom to RIEGHN through positive energy. To overpower the negative forces of oppression!
Surely theres no room for flora-ism (if that isnt a word, it should be) in the appreciation of tiaras?! Ive just decided that Im a staunch defender of the pine cones! And if my husband were to insist on showering me with aquamarine versions in a tiara  nay, any kind of jewellery  I would be fully ready to appreciate them. Did you hear that, love?
I think thats why the profile shot is infrequently seen!
I think it is quite pretty!  I would accept it in a heartbeat!
I like the flora direction this piece is taking  especially since it was created during a deco decade, when preferences ran more towards the beauty of industry, rather of than nature.  I dislike strong pastel coloring, but this unusual subtle color appeals to me marvelously.  I can see it fitted on my head quite easily.
I agree! Im a huge Deco fan too! I think one needs dark hair & blue eyes to really OWN the look. Id love to see it on Kate but I forgot its not the property of HRM ElizII
I see  something really  interesting about your  weblog  so I  saved to bookmarks .
Thank you for being my own coach on this subject. I actually enjoyed your own article very much and most of all liked the way in which you handled the areas I widely known as controversial. You are always incredibly kind towards readers really like me and assist me to in my living. Thank you.
Hi there, just wanted to say, I liked this blog post. It was funny. Keep on!
Whats Going down i am new to this, I stumbled upon this Ive found It positively useful and it has aided me out loads.
Howdy! I could have sworn Ive visited your blog before but
after browsing through many of the posts I realized its new to me.
Regardless, Im certainly happy I came across it and Ill be
book-marking it and checking back often!
Pretty great post. I simply stumbled upon your weblog and wished to say that Ive
really loved surfing around your blog posts.
In any case I will be subscribing to your rss feed and I hope you write again very soon!
Wow! After all I got a website from where I know how to
in fact get valuable data regarding my study
and knowledge.
You really make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this
matter to be really something which I think I would never understand.
It seems too complex and extremely broad for
me. Im looking forward for your next post, I will try to
get the hang of it!
I seriously love your site.. Excellent colors & theme.
I leave a response when I appreciate a article on a site or I have something to valuable to contribute to the
discussion. It is caused by the passion communicated in the article I read.
And after this post Death and Rebirth As A Person | The Journey To Wellness.
I have been browsing online more than three hours lately, but I never discovered any
fascinating article like yours. Its lovely value sufficient for me.
Good day! I know this is kinda off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could locate a
captcha plugin for my comment form? Im using the same blog platform as yours and Im having problems finding one?
Nice post. I learn something totally new and challenging on sites I stumbleupon on a daily basis.
It will always be interesting to read through
content from other authors and use a little something
from other web sites.
Good post. I learn something new and challenging on blogs I stumbleupon every day.
Being that the topic for this week (chosen by you, my viewers) is of Death and Rebirth as a Person, it touches me on a tremendously deep level and I look very much forward to sharing this knowledge with all of you, so lets get started!
Let me use myself as an example to better explain the conditions in which this process can be necessary. Throughout my life, I have suffered various traumatic experiences which have seriously psychologically scarred me which will unfortunately affect me for the rest of my life. I have suffered emotional, psychological, physical and sexual abuse and it is because of those experiences that I am the person I am today.
There came a point in my life about 3 years ago where I found myself through a series of self-defeating habits and thus found any vehicle imaginable in order to cope with my pain from my past, and put all of it in a little forgotten chamber in my mind in order to not deal with it. For a period of time, I hit a serious depression and seriously considered suicide and did not even want to eat, function, go to school, or anything that implied joy. The mere idea of living gave me pain.
One day I laid in my bed staring into the abyss wondering the meaning of my life when I heard people outside laughing. Then something dawned on me Why are they happy and Im not? Whats wrong with me that is not allowing me to feel this way?. That was the moment that changed my life forever (and for the better).
I made the hardest and the best decision I ever made in my entire life: I got the help I needed to get emotionally and psychologically well. It was extremely difficult to admit to myself that I had issues and that I had made a gargantuan amount of mistakes which have seriously hurt myself and others. It was excruciating to know that I had the capacity to hurt others and thus provide similar pain to them that I have personally experienced; and that I had done it to many people.
It took me a long time to understand why I did the things I did and the belief systems, values, and experiences that shaped me as a person in order to get there; but once I understood I realized that there was time for a change.
I realized that I was never going to get back the innocence and the young girl that missed out on all of those years of her adolescence and in order to become whole again; I needed to grieve for her, let her go, rebuild the foundations of my morality, self-esteem, worth, values, and judgement in order to become a brand new person.
The biggest realization I came to thus leading me to this decision was the following: The greatest benefit of being at rock bottom, is that there is nowhere to go but up. How many chances does someone get to rebuild themselves into a completely new person? Not many, so I should take this and be the best person I can be. I can decide to be anyone that I want to be, and leave behind the person I once was. The advantage of being broken is that you can pick up the pieces and make yourself whole again. I and only I have the power to be the person I want to be. It is up to me to prove to myself and the world that I am not the damaged person I am often perceived as. I have made many mistakes, yes, and I feel regret for them. But what better way to forgive myself for it, than to make sure I never make those same mistakes again so I can truly put them behind me?
That is why I did what I did: in order to aid me to forgive myself for what I had done as a result of the rage as an outcome of the abuse I have experienced in the past; and as a way to rebuild what all of the people who have abused me have taken from me. I did it to prove to myself and them that they do not control me anymore, and that I decide who I am and who I want to be- no one else.
The person who died about 3 years ago was the victim: the little girl who allowed herself to be in destructive situations as a result of serious self-esteem, the person who lashed out at anyone possible in order to relieve her own pain. That person is dead but remains a memory in order to remind myself what I do not wish to become again. It is a reminder of how far I have come, and evidence of how much I have surpassed considering the circumstances I have been under. My reincarnation is the woman speaking to you now: the survivor who is willing to take the harsh experiences throughout my life as learning experiences not just for myself, but for others as well. That does not mean, however, that I do not sometimes experience relapses of the past person, but overall have created someone new.
Death and Rebirth as a person is a wonderful technique I have learned in order to allow myself to forgive myself for all I have done (still a process) and use the debilitating abuse in my life as learning experiences in order to find strength. This technique is what has kept me alive, breathing and happy for these 3 years of my life; and I am so happy to be here.
 Its work should help explain why the cosmos looks the way it does today,
We are worried about how the cosmos looks and where did it come from.
For Christs Sake, we dont even really know how the sun works or how it got there. Thats just 1 star, and we are preoccupied with the whole damn cosmos and will argue about where it came fromfrom here to eternity.
We are going to be able to see the beginning of the Universe, how the first galaxies were formed. We are going to learn so much more about how the Universe works, he told BBC News.
thanksI always find those to be good breakthrough moments where Im invited to either give into doubt or shift gears and learn somethin newit reminded me that its the process we go through with everything, no? art, relationships, meditationwhatever we work on genuinely and passionately
Oh my goodness! I was visiting you and catching up on good things I may have missed this past crazy weekwhen I read to the bottom and discovered your mention! Thank you so much! I am honored that you like my art journaling, because I LOVE your work. I am so glad I found you and your art. Have a wonderful, creative, inspiring week ahead. Hugs,  kathy
Last week, I cursed every wood block I painted. They ended up in layered messes. So I tossed them aside, took a few deep breaths and art journaled for an entire week. I find that gets me out of outcome mode and reminds me how to creatively explore, express, relax and risk. It reminds me how to paint freely and is a great place to hatch ideas. such an essential part of the creative process.
I love that tone of the shot. Makes it really very classic.
I like the tones in this.
I like the pastels of the overexposed mood ;)
I missed some fantastic pictures here while I was away !
It would be nice to bring this book up in the ranks to bring more attention to this issue. Its also available by most e-book providers according to the publisher. (I received an e-mail from them about the release of this book.) I do book reviews for them from time to time, but I purchased this book this morning. 
Im not sure why I always leave long-winded comments here. 
I should start a blog or something.
I appreciate your stand for religious freedom.  Thank the Lord that we are still free to worship God as we see fit in this country.  Im sorry I didnt respond sooner.  Thank you for stopping by my blog.
I love pink too!! :-) And I love Fairy Tales! :-) And I have The pink Fairy Book by Andrew Lang!! :-) And I love this poem very very much!! :-) Thank you lovely Fairy-Brenda! :-) :-)
Thanks, Morgan. I hope the Blessings of Contentment have warmed your cool autumn days. I am a contented person, having lots of love, affection and magic in my life. I hope you have lots of color in yours. This winter, I will need to look back at these orchids again! :-) Hugs, Brenda
I am well, I have missed you. Ill come for a visit. :-)
Bag is one of the weakness of most of women with shoes, and I know that there never enough bags. XXL, clutch, small, black, white and so on. We like to have a bunch of bags to be sure that each outfit will fit perfectly with our bag. I made a selection of my favorites bags for the season of autumn and winter. I dont know if you will like it or no, but share with me your impressions about the past.
I snapped these photos a few years ago while on a road trip from Texas to California. I didnt get to explore the park as much as I wanted to. Hopefully I will get the chance to go back again some day!
I am ashamed to say that the birds are eating more healthily than me at the moment. Ill be popping over to you to get more great recipe ideas!
I enjoy feeding the feathered Winter visitors in the garden particularly when the ground is frozen and trees are bare. Im really looking forward to Christmas so I decided to make some festive tree decorations that the birds will love  and if they dont enjoy them at least the tree looks pretty!
[] Its a big thing for me becaus CBS Dallas / Fort Worth []
And here I was looking forward to Xmas..however,.I dont worry about the planet anymore..we are less than microbes on the back of an elephant and mother earth will do what she wants, regardless of our existance.  So we must enjoy life while we can and we will all die eventually anyway :)
Im coming out
Followed by Jennifers going away bowling extravaganza. I hate bowling and I suck at it. I bowl better when Im drunk, lol. Im sure if I were, Id actually hit one of the pins. -_-
