My younger sisters favorite song to sing when she was young. :)
Tell us how your week went by putting together a playlist of five songs that represent it.
How Did You Begin?
What does it mean to receive Jesus Christ? It means to take Christ to be to yourself all that God offers Him to be to everybody. Jesus Christ is Gods gift. God so loved the world that He gave His one and only Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish but have eternal life. (John 3:16). Some accept this wondrous gift of God. Everyone who does accept this gift becomes a child of God. Many others refuse this wondrous gift of God, and everyone who refuses this gift of God perishes. He is condemned already. Whoever believes in Him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe stands condemned already because he has not believed in the name of Gods one and only Son (John 3:18).
What does God offer His Son to be to us?
2. God offers Jesus to us as our deliverer from the power of sin. Jesus not only died, He rose again. Today He is a living Savior. He has all power in heaven and on earth (Matthew 28:18). He has power to keep the weakest sinner from falling (Jude 24). He is able to save not only completely, but completely, all that come to the Father through Him Therefore he is able to save completely those who come to God through him, because he always lives to intercede for them. (Hebrews 7:25), If the Son sets you free, you will be free indeed (John 8:36). To receive Jesus is to believe this that God tells us in His Word about Him, to believe that He did rise from the dead, to believe that He does now live, to believe that He has power to keep us from falling, to believe that He has power to keep us from the power of sin day by day, and just trust Him to do it.
The failure to realize that Jesus is Lord and King, as well as Savior, has led to many a false start in the Christian life. We begin with Him as our Savior, as our sin-bearer and our Deliverer from the power of sin, but we must not end with Him merely as Savior; we must know Him as Lord and King. There is nothing more important in a right beginning of the Christian life than an unconditional surrender, both of the thoughts and the conduct, to Jesus. Say from your heart and say it again and again, All for Jesus. Many fail because they shrink back from this entire surrender. They wish to serve Jesus with half their heart, and part of themselves, and part of their possessions. To hold back anything from Jesus means a wretched life of stumbling and failure.
Taking Christ as your Lord and King involves obedience to His will, so far as you know it, in each smallest detail of life. There are those who tell us that they have taken Christ as their Lord and King who at the same time are disobeying Him daily in business, in domestic life, in social life, and in personal conduct. Such persons are deceiving themselves. You have not taken Jesus as your Lord and King if you are not striving to obey Him in everything each day. He Himself says, Why do you call me, Lord, Lord, and do not do what I say? (Luke 6:46).
To sum it all up, the right way to begin the Christian life is to accept Jesus Christ as your sin-bearer and to trust God to forgive your sins because Jesus Christ died in your place; to accept Him as your risen Savior who ever lives to make intercession for you, and who has all power to keep you, and to trust Him to keep you from day to day; and to accept Him as your Lord and King to whom you surrender the absolute control of your thoughts and of your life. This is the right beginning, the only right beginning of the Christian life. If you have made this beginning, all that follows will be comparatively easy. If you have not made this beginning, make it now.
July 15 update Its 112 degrees here at Calipatria and a few people went man down today on Day 8 of the hunger strike.
CDCR fails to address the fact that they have given their word to change their policy and to sign the five core demands. CDCR failed to mention that this is a united peaceful protest against CDCRs corrupt policies and abuse of their authority by locking us in their dungeons.
By CDCR keeping their SHUs and ASUs full, they are also keeping their pockets and wallets fat. They are running a gold mine off of the taxpayers and we are their hot commodity. CDCR surely failed to mention that.
He and his team did pretty good! they held their own. I guess my brothers teammates bailed on him at the last minute and so he had to scramble to find some other players. He only managed to find two other guys. So it was three against four. They ended up barely losing to the other team. I was quite impressed!
The films director traveled to Liverpool so he could get film of the real Penny Lane; inserting it into the video so that it looked like the Beatles were actually there.
Details of the latest Middle East peace plan began to emerge today, hours after John Kerry announced that he had brokered an agreement that is likely to lead to fresh talks between the Israelis and Palestinians.
(AP) MANAMA, Bahrain  Bahrain is stepping up pressure on anti-government activists ahead of elections this week, warning they could face jail for posting Web messages urging protests or other acts of dissent.
Some Shiite-led groups are calling for escalated protests to press demands for greater rights from the Sunni monarchy.
Velvet, published by Image Comics, is your next spy thriller addiction. It is written by one of the best crime fiction writers that comics has ever known, Ed Brubaker. And he is teamed up with one of the best artists hes ever worked with, Steve Epting. This new series blasts away from the start. We have the dark and moody color palette that Brubaker favors, provided by colorist Elizabeth Breitweiser. We have the nondescript lettering, as if out of typewriter or teletype machine, provided by letterer Chris Eliopoulos. Yes, this comic is like a good martini, shaken, not stirred.
And we have the femme fatale, Velvet Templeton. Now, before you peg her as a stereotypical love-on-the-run jaded killing machine, which she most likely is, Velvet is also much more than that, including just being undoubtedly good pulpy fun. Shes at the center of a crisis at a most elite off-the-books U.S. black-ops outfit. This group is so cool and so badass that only a few know for sure that it really exists. But it has clearly seen better days since, as of late, its best men are being killed off. And the prime thing that these men have in common is that each one was once Velvets lover.
Check this out, you get lead-ins like PARIS  1973 and NEW YORK  1968 and you get real follow through. These super cool cats go places, do things, do things to each other, and it adds up. And were just into the first issue.
from reading your postings for awhile now, i always pictured this sweet woman with lots of bouncing energy. your words speak through you and we are allowed to peek through the window and get a glimpse of you. nice story
Hope you have a fantastic week!
I hope you find your grace.
Lets say that you are born into an obscure family in some obscure little country. And because this little country strictly forbids any kind of nudity ever, you live all of your early childhood never seeing what a naked woman looks like. And your law-abiding mom never sees you naked either.
Eventually, you go through puberty and lo and behold! you grow three breasts, instead of the standard two. As you have nothing to compare yourself to, you assume all the other women in the world also have three breasts.
Your life goes on looking pretty normal to everyone around you, probably somewhat due to your own ignorance of the problem and the loose-fitting clothing you always wear, until you get married. But your beloved husband, who also has no idea all women dont have three boobs, thinks you are beautiful. Up until this point, you dont know that you are a freak of nature. You assume everyone else is pretty much built the same as you.
But, as luck would have it, the doctor that delivers your baby does know this is not the norm, and informs you that you have one more breast than all the other women in the world. You are suddenly dealing with a lot of internal issues about self-image, self-esteem, etc. But youre making a lot of extra milk. Enough so that you can feed your own baby, and donate the rest to the local orphanage to feed newborns that have lost their mothers. So, even if you are way different, and it is causing you some real self-esteem problems, there is some good coming out of the problem. And youve been toting around this extra breast almost your whole life. It is a part of you now.
I just admire your beautiful photos. Very peaceful and serene. Thanks for posting your art work.
Some are taking their meagre belongings with them: blankets, a few bags  one family even has a sheep. Some are taking nothing at all.
In the background, the cameramans voice says that the inhabitants of Tel Hasil, a small Kurdish-majority town east of Aleppo, are fleeing because the Nusra Front and the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), two radical Islamist groups, said they would shell the town.
The mainly Arab rebels dont want to accept this and accuse the PYD of being in league with the Syrian government.
The fighting between them has killed hundreds of militants in the north-east and around Kurdish-majority pockets near Aleppo.
The SOHR has documented several cases where ISIS kidnapped scores of Kurdish civilians, mainly in the Aleppo area, sometimes accusing them of supporting the PYD.
While many of the victims have been released unharmed, some have reportedly been tortured and killed, and some are still missing.
The war drives wedges between Kurds and Arabs, even if it is merely the result of the fighting rather than of deliberate policy. SOHR has reported that some Kurdish families who had fled the fighting in the Turkish border town of Tel Abyad in July had their houses demolished because the ISIS suspected them of having links to the PYD.
According to Kurdish officials in Ras El Ayn several Arab families who had cooperated with the rebels until their eviction by the Kurdish militia in July had fled along with the rebels. Two Arab civilians interviewed said that a Kurdish offensive south of the city of Qamishly and north of the Iraqi border town of Yaroubiya in September emptied many Arab villages.
One of them, a pharmacist named Ali Alali, said the villagers fled because the Kurdish militia had arrested many Arabs for suspected collaboration with the ISIS. He said he himself had been detained by the Kurds, although they eventually released him unharmed.
Inside the Kurdish areas, peace seems to be holding so far among the north-easts three main communities: Kurds, Sunni Arabs and Christian Arabs. Sunni Arabs interviewed in early September said they had experienced little hostility from their Kurdish neighbours since the PYD took control more than a year ago.
The PYD tells us they dont want an ethnic war and that we have to build the country together, said an Arab man in the town of Al Malikiyah who gave his name only as Ali.
Their situation is made more difficult by the fact that many Arabs in the Kurdish area were government employees and members of the ruling Baath party. Unlike Christians and Kurds, they now lack effective representation, although some young Sunnis have joined the PYDs armed wing.
Fearful of the jihadi groups that are fighting to build a strict Islamic order, Christian Arabs said they were grateful to the Kurdish militia for protecting them from the radicals.
They arrived in the 1970s as part of a government Arabisation scheme that sought to insert an Arab belt, a 200 kilometre strip along the border with Turkey, between the Kurds of Syria and those of Turkey.
These people are settlers. They took our land. Let them go back to Raqqa, there is plenty of land there, he said, referring to a governorate east of Aleppo where some of the Arabs came from. Many of them had themselves been displaced from their land after a large-scale dam-building project in the 1970s on the Euphrates river.
Civan  an English-speaker in his mid-twenties with a high-school education  is largely contemptuous of the Arab settlers: he says they dont work the land as well as the Kurds and dont know how to plant fruit trees.
Lionel Messi scored his 400th and 401st professionalgoalsSaturday in a 6-0 win over Grenada.One Messi fan has spliced together all 401 of these goals in a 50-minute video on Vimeo, including commentary (note: lots of Ray Hudson) that begins with his first goal for Barcelona back in 2005 and ends with Saturdays double.
Messis famous goal vs. Getafe in the 2007 Copa del Rey comes at the 2:30 mark. Amazingly, in retrospect, that was only his 20th career goal. People raved about the goal and compared it to Diego Maradonas in the 1986 World Cup. Back then everyone knew Messi was going to be good, but hes probably surpassed expectations and is firmly in the conversation for the greatest soccer player of all time.
One other thing: Messi is 27 years old. He now has 401 goals in 524 appearances.
Get over it! dont be such a baby, its all in your mind, what the hell is wrong with you,
But fishermen should be further incentivised to modify their fishing gear to more accurately target the species they want to catch, and avoid wasteful bycatch.
Sidse Babett Knudsen was excellent in After the Wedding which was oscar nominated for best foreign film a couple of years ago.  She is riveting.
The series begins two days before an election. The leading candidate reneges on a deal with his coalition partner about immigration policy. His former partner then backs the incumbent. However, a personal scandal taints the incumbent. All the candidates appear on a televised Election Eve debate, where the woman heading the Moderates comes off better than the men who had previously topped the polls. In an election upset favoring the #3 party, Birgitte Nyborg becomes the first female Prime Minister of Denmark.
 Nyborg is married to a college lecturer, and they have two young children. A sage mentor in her cabinet advises her, as does an edgy young spin-doctor. Kasper Juul, the spin-doctor, is the former lover of TV reporter Katrine Fonsmark. Katrine provides balance against and contrast with Birgittes story, as an equally strong female character working outside the government.
This is crappy social science, the interviewer is signaling so much with her voice inflections and her body language its clearly impacting the subject. This isnt real research at all, this is social conditioning. Its almost certainly unethical too.
The husband is lucky to be alive.
This news, coming on top of  Julies own confrontation with a gunman trying to carjack her a few days ago
I worked with a girl  who still had  her  father and sisters  living over there.  Two  guys  threw a drum  form a bridge and it went through the windscreen of her sisters  BMW. She lay upside  down in  the car all night before she was  found  badly injured  and also with two  broken  arms. What a friggin awful place to  live??  Poor  woman.
OK, heres the thing people, dont, and I repeat DONT, drive through a slum in Cape Town, it will only end in death. Anni Dewani was murdered after she and her millionaire hubby, Shrien Dewani, were hijacked by robbers as they drove in a taxi through slums in South Africa. The robbers forced the taxi driver from the vehicle and sped off with the two terrified British newlyweds in the back seat. Mr Dewani was later robbed and forced out of the vehicle but his wife of two weeks was taken by the gang. Her body was later found slumped on the back seat of the abandoned minibus in another slum. It is believed she was shot.
Leanna Decker is a model who can turn from your adorable girlfriend to an unattainablegoddessto in a heartbeat, and its impossible to say which iteration ismore attractive. The Playboy Cybergirl of the Year is an Instagram legend, and its easy to see why: whether shes posting from the set of her latest shoot, or just sharing a quick hello with her fans upon waking up, shes every woman youve ever wanted in one freckle-faced package.Take a look at the collection below and see if you dont agree  these are just the tip of the iceberg, since nearly every photo she posts is straight out of a fantasy.
Brendan McGinley is editor round these parts when not writing comics or Cracked columns. You can say a neighborly hello to him on Twitter @BrendanMcGinley. Youd probably enjoy his supervillain comic Heist, if youre a fan of tarnished souls and brutal retribution.
Brendan might not have set the world on fire with his appearance in a Robin Thicke video, but he did engagea flame-haired beauty inSiri-ous Conversation.
Photographer Lee Thompson managed to obtain special permission to climb to the top of the statue while in Rio covering the World Cup, he explains in a blog post on The Flash Pack. Though we doubt anyone would give him a hard time, he got a bit defensive about the whole selfie craze and offered this explanation:
Congratulations!  Your posts are really cool, you deserve it!
With the death of Breitbart, the conservative movement didnt just lose a General  we lost an entire Special Forces Division. But he didnt leave us without the tools and the knowledge we need to fight. This website  Breitbart 2.0  is the culmination of his study of the technology and aesthetics of new media. The team Breitbart assembled under the leadership of Steve Bannon, Larry Solov, and Joel Pollak will advance his mission with courage and integrity.
You would think the media  those watchdogs of the public trust  would be interested in this. But they refused to vet Barack Obama. With tingles up their legs, they shielded him.
That moment, the very room went deathly still as the look on Virgos face was one that could not even be explained. Fury, disgust, horror, jealousy and above all betrayal. Virgo didnt even let her finish, he quickly marched out of the room, pushing past Sally and headed down stairs, and as he did so, he was shedding his jacket. Reaching the front door, he reefed it open, and spotted his brother, standing tall like a dandy leaning against his carriage.
You SON OF A BITCH!The Count roared, as he started to shed his clothes, the were wolf coming to the fore. Charles face went from one of surprise to shock as he witnessed the Alpha, his brother change to his true form in a fit of anger.
That was it, Virgo leapt off the front porch and tore across the driveway, launching himself at his brother, who was only in mid morph. The two collided, with the carriage being turned over as the brothers were now in the midst of a terrible brawl. Virgos jaw locked around Charless throat, as he tried to tear it open with his large fangs.
He stormed past Sally, nearly knocking her over in his haste to find his brother. Elvira was right behind him, wondering what was going to happen.
Virgo threw open the doors to the estate, knocking them from their hinges and spied his brother standing in front of his carriage. He seemed surprised to see his brotherthat was until Virgo roared and charged.
Elvira growled. How dare he! she snapped, making to launch herself at Charles. Two pairs of hands grabbed her before she could step foot off the front step and she looked to see that it was Peter and David.
If he cannot defend you from his own brother, then he cannot defend this pack. It is a matter of honor that he do this. David explained. Elvira understood what they were saying. It was now known that Charles had inadvertently thrown down a challenge for leadership of the pack.
The werewolves that had residence on the estate came from wherever they had been to watch the showdown.
Would there be a new Alpha for their pack or would Virgo be triumphant in defending his own leadership and the life of his Beta?
Her breath caught in her throat when she saw the smaller were launch on top of the larger one and bite down on his head, piercing the skull. There was a cry of terror from the larger wolf and a sharp pain echoed in Elviras heart.
Virgo! she whispered, sinking to her knees. Her mate was fatally injured and she could feel his pain. VIRGO! NO! she shouted, tears springing to her eyes as she watched on in shock. If Virgo died, she would die with him
NO! she cried. I WONT LET THIS HAPPEN! she screamed. She whipped her head around to see the smaller wolf was still stalking the larger. VIRGO! YOU NEED TO GET UP NOW AND FIGHT! IF NOT FOR ME AND NOT FOR THE REST OF THE PACKTHEN FIGHT FOR YOUR CHILD THAT I NOW CARRY WITHIN ME! she announced. It wasnt the best way to let everyone know that she was pregnant but it was the only thing she could think of to reach through her mates pain and anguish.
Virgo leapt onto his brother and smashed his paw into the rib cage of his brother, effectively destroying internal organs. Charles let out a roar that soon started to fade, as his heart stopped beating. His head fell forward, with his eyes staring ahead at death. Virgo stood proud over his Brothers corpse and reaffirmed his standing as Alpha. But then he did a strange thing, and took off into the forest, a trail of blood following him. When wolves go off to diethey dont do it near family.
Before anyone could stop her, she had picked up her skirts and was off and running, whistling for Jezzie as she did so. Jezzie, sensing her mistresss urgency, materialized beneath her so that Elvira was now riding bareback.
Jezzie became insubstantial as they raced through bushes and tree in search of Virgo.
The stream! she gasped, realizing thats where he would go. It was the last place where they had been truly happy. hard to believe it was just that very morning. Jezzie turned in that direction and they were whizzing through the trees at a dizzying rate.
Bursting through the last of the foliage, she saw him. He was still in his wolf form and was laying at the shoreline of the stream. Leaping from Jezzies back, she ran to her mates side.
Virgo lay in his wolf form, upon the stones of the edge of the stream, with his blood flowing into the water, that lapped at his feet. With a large gash in his head, and his eyes blood shot, he lay his head down upon the cold rocks. His breathing was labored, and you could hear a wheeze in his panting, that made it clear he was dying.
Virgos hearing was fading, so when Elvira came to his side, he barely made a grunt of recognition.
With a shaking head he raised it enough to place on her lap, closing his eyes..he needed a miracle.
She was so deeply into her grief that she was unaware that her plea was heard until she felt a touch at her shoulder. Her head came up so fast, it was a wonder it didnt fly off her shoulders. She had to clamp down on the urge to scream in renewed pain as a bright light coalesced before her. When the light cleared, an Angel, one of the most holiest of creatures stood before her.
Elvira nodded and looked down at her mate, running her hand along his flank.
Lord Maruloit is not yet your time. Return to your family, for they have great need of you now. Return and help your Lifemate raise the children she now carries. They will need your wisdomyour strengthand your goodness in the years to come, as will your packmates.She murmured to him, latching on to his presence and pushing his soul back to the light.
Beneath Evangelines hand, the wound at Virgos temple was slowly beginning to heal.
Little did Virgo realize that there was one that watched over them from afar, and until now, had not made herself known to the couple. Her name, Evangeline. Known to the Bianchis she was sent with a purpose by God, and much to her own surprise, she had yet to discover what that purpose was. The bright light that radiated off the angel at first made Virgo flinch, but of course it was not like he could run from the light of God. All he could feel was the press of Elvira upon his shaggy coat, which was now cold and wet as his blood mixed with the water of the stream. Evangeline advised that Elvira push all the love and everything she felt into the wolf, to help stave off death, and while he could feel this trying to reach him.it was a little bit too late. A violent shudder coursed through his veins, and in pain, he howled pitifully, though it was like a whisper in the wind. Never before had Virgo been so hurt, always the strong one of the family. Even the unborn infant was trying to reach the fatherand all seemed in vain.
But then Evangelines voice was heard, speaking directly to Virgo, as he took his last breaths.
Lord Maruloit is not yet your time. Return to your family, for they have great need of you now. Return and help your Lifemate raise the children she now carries. They will need your wisdomyour strengthand your goodness in the years to come, as will your packmates.
Virgos outer coat was bathed in an aura, as it started to lift off the ground, with dazzling white lights shining off it, slowly his body began to morph back to that of the human, his paws turning to fingers, his back legs that of humans. His body spun slowly as though scooped up the the hand of the Lord, turning him round and round, till the being in the air, was a fully grown male, that looked, like Virgo. The scar on his head started to close up, the bleeding stopping. Soon he was lowered back down gently, landing in a heap, as the sky cleared from above, to reveal him whole once more. His breathing was no longer laboured, but steady. The angel along with Elviras love had saved him.
He slowly tried to get up off the ground.
She looked up at Evangeline, gratitude etched in every line of her face.
Elvira nodded. Evangeline stepped forward and pressed a light kiss to both Elvira and Virgos foreheadsan Angels Blessing before she vanished back to wherever it was shed come from.
Elvira stared upon her mates face, brushing her a fingers lightly over his cheeks as if to reassure herself he was still with her.
Though most employers empathize with employees going through difficult times in their personal lives, they still expect them to do their jobs unless a leave of absence is taken. Additionally, after initially sharing with your co-workers any personal issues that may be affecting the amount of time and energy you put forth at work, most of them will not really be concerned as to why your work is not being done if it affects them negatively.
If you decide to remain on the job while handling or tackling personal matters, please understand you are still responsible for the tasks which you were hired for.
Though you still have to do your job while dealing with personal matters, it may be best to share with your boss or HR if you are dealing with a major matter that may affect your work such as an ailing parent, divorce or substance abuse. As there are programs available for most employees, such as EAP programs, keeping your job aware of what you are dealing with may allow for some accommodation so you may effectively seek solutions to personal issues.
While dealing with your numerous responsibilities, maintain a positive attitude and keep any outside drama from being present on your job. Your co-workers, boss and clients need not be privy to all personal matters.
You accumulate those personal, vacation and sick days for a reason. Take them when needed. You are entitled to them and should not be penalized for doing so.
Far be it from Hawk to be anal about the White Soxs roster.
During Saturdays White Sox-Mariners game, longtime Chicago announcer Ken The Hawk Harrelson was discussing with some former players the shape of the current roster. Harrelson was trying to convey the point that none of the players on the team are selfish and used some interesting words to do so: We dont have one butthole on the whole club.
The alternative Gospel for the 3rd Sunday in Lent this year was the story of Jesus (the Bridegroom) meeting the Samaritan woman at the well. Look at the Old Testament and you will see many incidents in which marriage and wells come together. (eg. Rebecca and the servant for Isaac, Moses and Zipporah) Jesus here meets a woman who hardly seems suitable bride material. She has had quitea life with five husbands and worse still, she is Samaritan. Jesus is a Jewish man, and generally would be regarded as a Pharisee in His beliefs and teaching. Those who wrote Scripture used the Septuagint most of the time. The Samaritans only accepted the Torah. Everything else was up for grabs. They were considered mixed by the Jews and there was quite an enmity between them.
St Peter is often referred to asa Prime Minister to Christ the King  and that is true for Jesus, in giving Peter the keys of the Kingdom and passing His authority to Peter and the apostles did act as King and made Peter PM in the same way that Hezekiah (who was the first fulfilment of Isaiahs prophecy) made Eliakim prime minister (Is. 22:15-25). But Peter is also the Best Man of the groom.
There is no false humility here. Jesus is telling her exactly who He is as, a Bridegroom would reveal Himself to the bride. Salvation is from the Jews, He reminds her, but He is also calling her home.
Authorities are yet to decide whether they will recover four unarmed bombs dropped onto the Great Barrier Reef during military exercises.
US warplanes were forced to drop the bombs after they ran dangerously low on fuel during a problem-plagued training exercise in central Queensland last week.
If the (Great Barrier Reef Marine) Park Authority and government agencies of Australia determine they want them recovered, then we will coordinate with them on that recovery process, he said in a statement issued late on Tuesday.
He was unable to say why civilian boats were in the drop zone, given it was standard procedure to warn the public about exclusion sites.
This could mean treating them in a dehumanizing manner. But, it could also mean denying people language, education, and other opportunities that might make them become fully human in both mind and body.
People should be free to pursue life plans in their own way. Oppressive forces seek to diminish those plans and thus those people as well.
People who work in sweat shops are exploited. Although they are paid for their efforts and toils, they are not paid a fair wage considering how much money they make for the company. Miners in Africa are also exploited when they have to rent their mining tools every day. If these miners find nothing of value on any given day, then they owe for the supply rental and are not paid for their efforts.
Karl Marx, the father of socialism, said that capitalism creates haves (those that have wealth) and have-nots (those that do not have wealth). Typically in a capitalistic society, the haves end up exploiting the have-nots for their hard work. Therefore, exploitation creates a system that perpetuates class differences, keeping the rich richer and the poor poorer.
The powerless are dominated by the ruling class and are situated to take orders and rarely have the right to give them. Some of the fundamental injustices associated with powerlessness are inhibition to develop ones capacities, lack of decision making power, and exposure to disrespectful treatment because of the lowered status.
It is easiest to explain by making a connection to Harriet Tubman, a famous freed African American runaway slave and abolitionist. Tubman once wrote I would have free thousands more, if they had known they were slaves. In these words, Tubman conveys that some slaves felt so powerless, thought so little of themselves, and were so indoctrinated by the mindsets of their slave masters that they didnt realize that they were slaves. In fact, its quite possible some slaves didnt even realize that something was wrong with society and that they were being treated unjustly.
African American slavery in the U.S. provides a prime example. Slaves were Forbidden to talk to one another about their horrid situations and many lacked the words to communicate their thoughts and feelings. Yet, slaves were extremely resourceful and would find hidden ways to voice themselves.
At this stage, the oppressed actually believe that they are naturally inferior to the ruling class. They are taught by oppressors that their inferiority is normal and a fact of life.
They do not know that they have a voice.
Ckapeace: THEIR voice is stripped from them ( There independence and their individual FREEDOM is taken from them!) and REPLACED by a companys BRAND and its labels and its laws and then whatever the company they FOLLOW becomes their voice..whatever the organization TELLS the individual to SAY, becomes the core belief, the only thing they believe inTHAT is OPPRSSION at its finest!!
In addition, education and literacy are withheld so as to prevent them from gaining knowledge about themselves and stop them from finding means to communicate their thoughts and feelings.
According to Freire, one of the main means of indoctrinating the oppressed is to give them negative images of themselves. The oppressed are dehumanized and taught to believe the negative perceptions as fact. The most dangerous part of this process of indoctrination is when these negative images are internalized and become a part of the oppressed persons own beliefs. At this point, the oppressed arent silent because they are forced to be; they are silent because they choose to be.
They look so joyful in this photo; long ball gowns swishing down the hall. We cant help but wonder where they were headed.
A tale more along the tiara yarn Were following, the Romans also maintained that aquamarine absorbs the energy of young love. Fittingly, the morning after consummation, it was considered most appropriate for the groom to give his bride an aquamarine as a gift.
Whew, these are certainly not the fairies one wants to tell children a bedtime story about!  This poem gave me a few chills.
No, they are not good, theyre really nasty.
Ugly little stinkers, arent they?
Wretched things ~ yes ~ as you say ~ ugly little stinkers :)
Loving it.  Poor Arthur Conan Doyle bought into the fairy nonesense in his later life  Perhaps when he went to fairy heaven he was surprised to find these critters to be the lords of that domain!
Claudia is tending bar at the dVerse Open Link Night tonight and said Two of my fav authors are C. S. Lewis and J. R. R. Tolkien who created fantasy worlds. Both of these fine writers loved to walk the Malvern Hills. Go up there on a fine day and if youre quieter than a fieldmouse creeping over the hillocks this is what you could see 
They steal babies, issue changelings,
Whisk the breath from the weak and the dying,
Suck on columbine, nectar, wine,
Live in dark drear hedges divine,
Worry farmers, worry swine,
Worry sheep and creatures bovine.
With their green-stained teeth,
Nothing can stop them, theyre from the dark side.
Loving the  information on this  web site , you have done  outstanding job on the  blog posts.
This is really attention-grabbing, Youre an excessively professional blogger.
Ive joined your rss feed and look forward to looking for more of your excellent post.
The world hopes for more passionate writers such as you who are not afraid to
say how they believe. All the time go after your heart.
Personally, if all site owners and bloggers made excellent content material as you
did, the internet shall be a lot more useful than ever before.
When someone writes an post he/she retains the idea of a user in his/her mind that how a user can be aware of it.
Most of you might ask yourselves why it would be necessary for someone to do this. The answer is simple: a human being can and should only die as a person when the person that they have become serves no future use to them and would significantly improve their life if they became someone else.
Let me ask you this: Would you forgive someone for something that they did to you if they continuously did it even after the apology? Of course not. Logically, you would apply the same logic to yourself. But if the person changed, and improved themselves, understood the consequences of their actions, took the steps to remedy the problems inside of themselves in order to avoid making those same mistakes again; then that would demonstrate tremendous emotional growth on their end.
Young interior designer Ava OShea has an appointment for a first consultation at The Manor with the owner, Mr Jesse Ward. She is expecting nothing more than an overweight, cravat wearing, well-to-do countryman, and on arrival, nothing would suggest otherwise. How wrong could she be? This Man is devastatingly handsome, charming and confident. He is also a conceited, hedonistic playboy, who knows no boundaries. Ava desperately does not want to be attracted to him, but she cant control the overwhelming affect he has on her. Every instinct is telling her to run, so she does, but Jesse Ward is not so willing to let her go. He wants her and is determined to have her. She knows she is heading for heartbreak, but how can she run when he wont let her?
The Prophet himself was aware that if people saw his face portrayed by people, they would soon start worshiping him, Ahmed says. So he himself spoke against such images, saying Im just a man.
Muslim leaders are blasting a greeting card that portrays a doll as a terrorist.
The shops owner wouldnt talk on camera but said that the cards are now sold out at his store. He doesnt understand this protest against his small business and invited the woman who first called attention to the card to come back to the store and talk with him face to face about tolerance in the United States and around the world.
RT:Obama said the US troops wont be going back into combat on the ground in Iraq. Will he keep his promise?
Syrians in Syria as well as abroad became seriously concerned when all telephone and internet connections were disconnected at 12 oclock CET. The websites of the Syrian Arab News Agency SANA and other Syrian media have been targeted for months but the sudden and total blackout was unprecedented and caused widespread speculation.
According to a nsnbc contact who arrived in Turkey from Syria today the explanation for the blackout was that terrorists had managed to sever the main internet and mobile phone towers cables, effectively rendering most of Syria without internet and cell phone connection.
Journalists from PRESS TV and AL-Alam have been systematically targeted for months. On 26 September PRESS TV and Al-Alam journalist Maya Naser was killed by snipers after he and Al-Alams Syrian station chief Hossein Mortada rushed to the scene of two explosions. Hossein Mortada survived the attack but had to be hospitalized and treated for his injuries. According to nsnbc sources the assassins had been deployed already two hours prior to the bomb blasts.
During the last week before his assassination Maya Naser was working on an investigation which documented that the Turkish Freedom and Justice Party (AKP) of Prime Minister R. Tayyip Erdogan released convicts who were sentenced for terrorism to deploy them to fight as insurgents in Syria. Hossein Mortada has received countless death threats and he has survived several attempts on his life.
The British troops would be part of an international force including French and Turkish soldiers and possibly Americans.
Stunning portrait, excellent toning and a great background. Love how you managed to capture this man in his native surroundings and with such calm and peacefulness.
He looks so happy!! :)
Well, they have been a great source of nuclear technicians for decades, and lets not forget their innovation and track record with its safe use.
If you are gifted with words, write a letter to the editor. That will give you the opportunity to state your views intelligently. If your letter gets published, dont be upset if these same commenters come at the letter with their tripe. Dont let it bother you if they get personal and ugly. Just concern yourself with getting your message out there. In fact, you might take this as an opportunity to write another letter re-stating your views in a courteous manner. Make the point that you arent engaging in ad hominem attacks. You are defending the Lord of all life  Who loves these people who are attacking Him and wants them to come to Him in repentance.
No matter who you are or what you do for a living, you can do these small things for Jesus.
In the course of the lecture, Terrenoire touches on the desire of many eugenicists to create a scientific dictatorship needed to orderly carry out eugenics. To clarify her main thesis, she channels top-eugenicist and pioneer researcher at the Rockefeller Institute of Medical Research Alexis Carrel:
Terrenoires invoking of the biocratic idea to create a superior class of men in a speech prepared for UNESCO is ironic. The temple she preached within is dedicated to the same biocratic deity she decries in her speech. By on the one hand describing the selective breeding of man, and on the other the extermination of the inferior- she adequately encapsulates the reasoning behind this biocratic ideal.
The author traces the idea of exterminating the weak in favor of the strongs survival back to the ancients. Roper does not, as you would expect, limit his search to the ancient Greeks. He descents even further into the past until he reaches the very beginnings of man.
While they (the savages, as Roper tends to describe early man) lived their short lives, the weakly, the deformed, and the superfluous were a burden to the tribe. Human law, superseding natural law, strove to eliminate them at birth. This was the atavistic basis on which subsequent Eugenics was built.
Obsessed by the idea of the mean and a mystic doctrine of numbers, he (Plato) would fix the number of the state at an unalterable 8,000. To attain this static equilibrium the guardians are to regulate the number of marriages.
Star of Golden Globe Nominated 50/50 and founder of free form multi-user production company hitRECord.org, Joseph Gordon Levitt is a very talented very smart man. But can he sing? He tried his hand at Hey Jude while hosting a hitRECord event during Sundance 2012. 
( Meriam poses hours after her release with her husband, Daniel (left) and her children, Martin (on Daniels knee) and baby Maya and all those who bravely fought for her freedom in Sudan )
Tepesch gave up a three-run homer to Anthony Recker during a five-run burst with two outs in the first, but he lasted six innings for the Rangers in an 8-4 loss to the New York Mets on Sunday.
It took him six hitters to get the one out we needed, Washington said. But he hung in there.
Robinson Chirinos hit his second homer of the series, a solo shot in the fourth, and Texas added three more to pull to 7-4 within the first three batters of the eighth.
Alex Rios hit his first homer in 46 games leading off, Adrian Beltre singled and Leonys Martin had a two-run drive before the first out against reliever Gonzalez Germen.
Jeurys Familia cleaned up for Gonzalez by getting the final two outs in the eighth and closer Jenrry Mejia pitched the ninth.
A nurse in Dallas has caught Ebola even though she was wearing full protective gear.
The Centers for Disease Control says she must have broken protocol, or else she couldnt have caught it. Maybe she did  or maybe CDC assumptions are overly-optimistic.
Receptionists at doctors offices and hospitals around the country must ask the patient on the phone  before they come in  whether theyve recently traveled there.
If the answer is yes, extra caution should be used to examine the patient  or they should be sent to specialist facilities which know how to spot and handle potential Ebola patients.
Then all travelers should be tested while theyre waiting for their flights.
So nothing happened  on The Mayan December 21, 2012 Do you think that the Mayans knew of our own calendar dates? They may have been 2013 in cosmic calculations, and not 2012. El POPO will impact millions if it really blows! 20 million live near it!
If they were forecasting, and thats the million dollar question if they were prognosticating a shift in energy patterns within the cosmos that would herald the shift of a new age, where planetary and solar changes would followwe cant help but look back and say, maybe, the calendar was pointing to something quite significant in terms of change.
The rabbit massages are one of the hundred wasteful products Mr. Coburn, an Oklahoma Republican, identified in his latest edition of the Wastebook, an annual compendium of the ridiculous and outrageous items in government spending, which he is releasing on Wednesday.
Doorways are different. Once you walk thru one, everything changes from that point forward. Going with the roller coaster analogy, new track isimmediatelylaid down and returning back to the center path you started from impossible.
Shes gonna try her best.
@seanagnew @gretawire obvious why she took 5th. Shes trying to wait out having to answer why she found Tea Party Matter very dangerous. Brad Cundiff (@bradcundiff) March 05, 2014
No wonder she didnt want to testify #busted RT @gretawire: Lerner email http://t.co/Rtt4tKD6Sv Kemberlee Kaye (@KemberleeKaye) March 05, 2014
As he touched down in St. Petersburg on Thursday morning, President Obama greeted his host Vladimir Putin with a handshake and a smile.
